Update full tutorials from develop (#567)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/understanding_gui/step_04/ReadMe.md

## Quick tip to write visual elements

> To simplify the coding, each visual element has a "properties" parameter where a Python dictionary of properties can be directly passed on. To replicate the graph above, we could do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make coding easier, each visual element has a "properties" parameter where you can directly pass a Python dictionary of properties. To recreate the graph shown above, you can to the following:
```
